What do they buy? For which prices do they buy? As it does the same thing. This market intelligence, we are able to generate, and that we are able then to use in our favor for the competitiveness in the market, but also to achieve transparency towards all the producers and trading merchants, they call us. But this is what we about to achieve and resolve a problem. As a marketplace, it is resolved in many other branches, but not novels. Okay thank you. Thank you very much. What is whisper? I think some of us were something important. Okay, most specifically, let us confirm this part. What are the primary users of the platform? Because here from the explanation, we notice the end customers, the bias, the suppliers, the manufacturers, the logistic partners, and the Indiana administrators. So, if you go with these three main laws of future interfaces, you have, of course, the customers, and everybody who needs a full ton of products that can be municipalities, with a huge target improvement, municipalities, it can be private, it can be small construction companies, it can be gardening companies. Whoever meets a palette, encounts in such dimension of a ton, or a cubic meter, is from the use of perspective, from the castle of perspective. Okay. They use all. From the same perspective, it's everyone who says, but in such quantities. Okay. It's not. So we target the niche between a single bag, 20 kilos, and a full trackload 24 tons. That's a lot in between. For many, a single bank doesn't have much, and 24 tons is way too much. We talk it as in between, and we talk, and of course, it produces all the merchants. We say such products. Or do we not send it in return? Also the much nice and more interesting question. We do not focus, open small packaging units. Okay. Simply because this competitive edge of a post code related pricing vanishes as soon as you can ship a bed post. Because in every country, it boasts, it's one price wherever you take the parcel. If you bring it next door, if you bring it to the other side of the country, it's the same price. So they're all both good related pricing only makes sense as soon as you use the logistics infrastructure or more sophisticated to the way. And this is what qualifies for overlaps. Okay. Yeah, so I think, I think it's clarified. So, pillow, I forgot to mention when it comes to users, this is ultimately in a later stage of all the logistics companies. So I could imagine the day when... We get a food transparency of how many tons of pellets, or all in certain postcode areas, with the number of loading stations, the number of delivery stations, and that this connection point is appealing to logistics networks, to do a bidding, or give, provides prices, and we increase or or generate competition because they see, okay, The expedition partner, the logistics network, your market share in your home area is at 3%, actually you do nothing. Simply the reason is, your XY is and euros too expensive. If you adjust this, and this, and that, you could increase the market share. What I will show you another day is we have backend accesses to all landforms that are available in Germany. Or the price comparison, like the platforms. What I'm willing to say by that is we do not need to reinvent the will. We take the best practice from all other business modules and apply this to unique platform which combines the necessities and requirements of our industry. Is this any rocket science in many ways, no? We just go with the flow, we just go with the state of the art, of the technology, and bring this together to solve this business of this will. Penn expeditions, which is Europe wide. I'm not thinking within Germany, important is to classify a target, staying hold on. For many reasons, especially also text currency reasons whatsoever, we counted the supplier, and the customer, they are always within the same country. It simplifies a lot, because if they could be potentially in Nigeria, be it at the border, to Cameroon, maybe kilometle wise, it's not in a difficulty, but crossing the border customs clearance or stuff, no, different currencies. So we use the same approaching methodology, but we match domestic to domestic. That's why we have Hollywood, E, with Palegon AT for Austria, with Patagopia, for Poland, with Patagol, and for Netherlands, ES for Spain, FR for France, IT for Italy, like... Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, I think I think there's more clear. I think there's more. By the way, this is also not man mentioned, Amazon is the same. Yes, Amazon, I think. Okay. Okay, so by the end of the 1st version of the platform, what are the key business goals? Do you explain? What the key business is? What key business goals for the 1st version of the transformation? Yeah, and, you know, they have a opinion. to pray together, richness, suppliers, and reach their customers. Okay. Customer, B to B or B to C, because you say working with that. We don't distinguish P2B and PTC in this sense, because everybody who needs a run doesn't matter if it's a private or they need a certain, and they need a certain logistics of your structure behind. Okay. And if they are running business or if they need it at home in private, for the whole supply chain, makes no difference. Okay. So... This, uh, to distinguish P to B and P to C makes no sense. Every time we talk about the packaging unit of a palette, that's what I said. And should you MVP is to solve exactly this? Everybody who wants to sell a palette and everyone wants to buy a palette, we are the first to transfer. Okay, okay. Nice. Can I proceed? Okay. Okay, for the last part, for the last part of this section, how will you measure the success of the platform? The success of the platform is measured by the market reach, a platform, with 2 suppliers, or platform 1000 customers, is not a platform. In order to generate competition, we need as many supplies as possible. with as many customers as possible, because then we can think of cooking.com, for example, if you look for waters. We are booking.com for balance. If you would not never enter the platform, if you find, if you have a choice of 2 You want to compare everything, and you want to be sure that you find a good price, and that it shoots exactly to your needs. So, the very key success factor is to integrate into the market quickly, so that we are the first to move off of all the stakeholders who deal with balance, and all the customers who want to buy such a product. This postmover, 200, which I consider very key to be quick. Because as soon as this problem is resolved, why would you enter as a supplier or manufacture 3 different platforms? It is every time annoying. They have one lady who is in the office, the other tending work in the factory. It needs to stay efficient for them inconvenient. So they're saying, like, it is, for example, with Facebook or Uber or other businesses with some children, so to move advantage, there will be others to follow, which is always good. It's the market, it must be like this. But in order to be successful, we need to make sure that the majority of businesses and stakeholders and players in the market, who want to sell it by pallets, know about Pali, who and visititate the business through Pali. Okay, thank you. At the moment, as it is not covered, it's a unique chance to be in this position. Okay, thank you. Okay, now let's move to the customer journey. I think that's a bit where some clarification is needed. If it's all concerned, a product, such, and discovery for a poodle. So how do you envision a customer finding products? Our products, our customers, they think it product categories. Okay, product categories. So, they know beforehand, if they want to do the pavement or the sidewalk, or they want to heat their oven with pellets, or firewood, they have an understanding of the type of war material they want to use. And based on this type of raw material they want to use, we know the specification of the technical specification, which is ultimately different criteria. So they do, the customer journey starts. On the level of the product could. It's either natural stones, it's either construction material, and you filter it down until you get... A minimum of common criteria, one is sold in litos, the others is sold in terms. The others told in cubic leaders. One is measured in a diameter, the other is length with. So it's entirely different filter criteria. This is all finished and done. We've completed this task before already. So, No matter if it's private or business, they know which type of product and the means of product grew, they need. And within this product group, you do the rest of the journey. And booking is the same, you know, before, if you want a hotel, or if you want to go fly it, or you want to book it insurance. This you know before, all the rest end is within one environment of film. And because it's the same. Yeah. Okay, I think that question is quite good. Okay, now, what watch the AI play in the search courses? Oh, I did not understand. What rule should the AI play in the search process? An absolute deciphe, sort of central role. But This question can be answered from motivated different angles. First of all, listing the product when a merchant lists the product AI can already support, finding the right product group. Finding the right food criteria, filling up the technique specification, filling up nice pictures, filling up product descriptions, and so forth. So even before the product is often sold, a higher place already rolled. Okay. Then AI plays, of course, a role in setting this to certain standout of compatibility when we share this product information, the standout sets, technical data sets of private information, with a large language model. Okay. And ultimately then, where the product is presented on the platform in the front and We need we need an intelligence approach. We need ideally to identify the customer so that we don't have a static marketplace, but the marketplace is adjusted by cookies and whatsoever. So the needs of the customer. If we know that the customer who is currently locked in looks anyways mainly for a hardening products, the whole website when they just... Okay. And that's, that's... A lot of AI implementation in the sales, process in the conversion, sales conversion, possible, but this is rather comes close to a set of e-commerce needs. This is also nothing specific to our needs. What I think would be game changer for sure is to have this middleware, all this product information, interface, API, whatever, attachment point of the large language models, where we provide this classified structured, high quality base information, that is never static, always dynamic, especially when it comes to price and availability, and the best possible combination of X-Works price and delivery costs for the world's good area where someone is logged in. So if you looked in, if you log in from Vamanda, your search results would be entirely different from the social results here in Voila. Exactly. And doing the whole process, AI makes many things that were quite of aesthetic nature, or very difficult to maintain this data, data maintenance, was a huge body like in the past. This would be massively supported, up until, of course, the afters, when it comes to customer service, we have IKEA is a huge, huge furniture. Brands. Worldwide. They do, in the meantime, now, 50% of sales on the phone. Since there is AI. Why? Because the customer doesn't want to symbolize the question by the product is, they want to be consulted. Interactively, dynamically on the fly. So there's not a block post that's used, but everyone, everybody has specific needs. And on the phone, or in a transport environment, is super dynamic to pick up the specific needs of the customer. Yeah. So that's an AI... Yeah, I think that was even the next question because it's already it's already diverting to all that, it may happen that, let me just ask that question. I think it's the same thing because I, the question was like, should the AI act as a conversational assistant that progressively nails down the customer needs? Absolutely, specifically, why, as a platform, it's always the same, um, connection between customer and the sales party development. They never communicate directly. Why? Because this is very dangerous for many or challenging for many reasons. There are 3 things that supplyout does not want. They don't want to deal with customer service. Yeah, yeah. They don't want the deal with logistics and they don't want the deal with e-commerce. Those are the three paying points that we resolve for every single merchant who lists on our website. Customers, logistics, econos. They want to produce, full stop. To the means, in Amazon, for example, it's called the status, so called H, U, Z, warranty. What happens? You water. You're pissed off, you are unhappy with the product. You are unhappy with the delivery. It's either way. They complain about the delivery or they complain about the product. So you also do the rating for the transaction twofold. With loans today in the morning that there are 50 different suppliers can sell one in the same product. So the product has a rating, but the supplier who does the job to fulfillment are, also to say. can be entirely different. Maybe the one is cheaper, but as a shit service, it doesn't bring it properly to your home. The other one is a bit more expensive, but has a 5 store rating on the surface side. So we have two, we need to separate the styles. For the product and the service. Okay. So when the customer, you only customer know, you have ordered, you get feedback. The feedback arrives in the platform. The platform needs to filter out if the question can be answered, AI driven automatically because sometimes it's only decent median words. When is the product there? No one needs to do this manually to answer this. We don't want to bother our manufacturer's status, but if there's a claim, and he said, you know, what would you deliver? It's not what I followed, man. We have a problem here. Then they enter into, they enter into, like, a claim process, they need to upload pictures, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It can be all AI supported, and at the end of the day, this is how Amazon does it as well. There is one person, maybe 2 or three, on behalf of the platform, who plays the judge, who said, I've collected all information from this customer, not all customers are easy, not all honest, not all all fair. We collect all the information from the supplier. Many of them or they've provided any ways generically. I decide now what happens to this. Do not want is that a customer communicates directly with yourself. But a customer can give you feedback, and it's a passes it. You just regularly commerce standards, they give they rate 2 things, they rate the product, and they raise the service. Okay, okay. Okay. Okay, that's okay, okay, that's okay. Okay, but before, before we, before we continue, I have this question, I'm already seeing like a workflow. Yeah. Like, the client on the platform, on the platform himself, like the platform, the core of the platform, will say, okay, let me go and search for the supply, like, gather it up, and structure them in a single source of shoot before now presenting the customer, and now they process of maybe all drinks, that's, okay, I think it's, um, The platform reserves as a filter to start with on the product group basis and then fill those reserve the product criteria like it is, for example, on booking. A big challenge for the suppliers, though, if you if you turn yourself on the other side on a merchant module. Their EOP system is not... It's oftentimes excellent. Okay. Nothing. They have PDF files, they have rented pictures, or they have no pictures. Their product information is very cool. Okay. And... Maybe as a fire, the producer, they have no even any talent to do nice pictures of their product. They must be supported as through the process. They need to, within a certain environment of product and the look, they said, okay, well, I've got this as well. Then we provide them with, we provide them and fill up the necessary information, or we have some product information, import, tool, where they, and this is also very well possible. I keep on talking about this away. Yeah, music piece. If, for example, in With GPT, gloat, whatever you've integrated. Okay. You can upload the PDF or you can upload an X, or you can upload the text file and you smash all this information into the platform and the platform structures it for you. Okay, okay. And you structure the product in a draft, status, you say, okay, please confirm, this is all correct. Give me how much you've got and give me the price, click okay, and publish the product. So, it goes, the question was actually directed, why, because we noticed 2 scenarios, actually. There was a scenario where, because there's this question that came over, we were doing brain swimming. Now, what if ecosomer comes as such a poodle? And that poodle, like the result say, is not available. Normally, is it supposed to be possible? It is very possible, especially if you enter new markets or if you start the business. Okay. It helps enormously to not lose the customer, to list this demand, to ask them, do you want, do you want an email? Do you want to remind us? As soon as there's something available, and then we have a specific onboarding team, onboarding human journey consists of 6 people. And they are outside. They go to the customer, they explain to them, they tell them, you cannot do this from Duoala, you cannot do this from the office. You need to go there. And then it's also headed to identify the amount of customers. All the products we've got until now. were never the products that I had in mind, most market competitors, they started with the product and then were looking how to sell it. Okay. I never did this. I know that there's a problem on the last logistics and the product they came to me. All of them. With most of the products, I never thought they even exist. How I could and would never bother. But if a customer approaches me with certain demand, for example, with this wood palate... that a regular, you would believe, used for eating. The customer comes to me and says, Can I use them also for my wars as a bedding? Because when they're in science, they do somewhere they pee, then you want to throw this out, but you need to put it somewhere. And from one product came, it was essentially the same product by the different use. And with many of these commodities, you find this salad you can use for 500 different things. Can I use this also for this? And this, what criteria of this product can be, can I use it for? And does it work for my project as well? So this is often anesthetic. You can write and use AI and this is where how they launch language models come across. People tend to explain their problem or their targets, either on a voice recording or with a text description. And the AI comes up, it guides them to a solution because the majority of our customers, there are no construction engineers or professionism. They have the small hours. They want to maybe cover the surface because there's always rubbish growing there or they want to protect it or they want to some playground for the kids. And they said, okay, I buy something for the kids now. How can I solve this? Okay, thanks. And now it works in practice. Okay. They have a precise product in mind, they have, they have the... It's a motivation. So they have the usage of the product or a practical output as an idea, how to get there, how to know. Okay. So we can only expand that our data are going to be structured on the supplier side during the onboarding. Maybe when you enter a school dog is short to 8, okay, okay, okay, that's good. Okay. This question, even though it's a bit, not specified. What information should be displayed before a customer? Before a customer... buy is a product. Celix, not, I don't know. Oh, it's a bias? It's supply of sales or it costs? It costs to my customer. Okay, this refers to the product proof. Okay. That is mastiff information, they don't maybe even legally binding to communicate. It's mandatory and ecommerce in Europe to have a technical specification sheet with security warnings and all this stuff. But this we've got all in place, what it is important to find a good mixture between products related, philotocriteria. Massive criteria and service related to the criteria. So you might want to fill down, please show me only the suppliers who can deliver this product to me within 3 days. The list goes half. Please show only the ones with the best product rating, boom. Please show me the ones who can call me before they drop the pellet. Okay. You have 3 left. Okay, I'm seeing a bit. So this is how the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the razor resources. One important aspect, I forgot to mention before, but I mentioned the example, but you asking for the AI, and this is a very practical situation. You have a product and it can be used for 2 different things. I mentioned the width that it's. The technique is specification sheet, and the product filter criteria for the pellet that is used for eating is entirely different from the ones who uses a horse wedding. So you have the same raw material product, but you use it into two different groups. Okay. Which is absolutely normal. One is one can be used for the other, one cannot be used for the other. So, um, it oftentimes happens that the usage of a commodity is diverse. And it means you have one product, but you put it into 3 different groups. Okay. Especially when you service things in big bags. You can put it in there. There's not even a logo in there, but it grows 3 different needs. Sand, for example, you can use in winter, you put on the road, the roads are slippery. You can put it into the blank part of your kid or can use it for construction, two totally different things. Same product. Wow. Wow, wow. Wow. Sounds complicated, not, we, we have done this already since 12 years, so the questions are already very good. It's very natural that you come across these thoughts and ideas. So all of these questions we have from the practical perspective, from the market knowledge, precise answers in place. We're working on the software solution. Okay, okay, thank you. Now, during the product selection, you want to know when much place to play offers a same poodle, how should a platform deserve which offers to show first? You can sort them, you can sort them at price, you can sort the medicines. Okay, okay. You can salt it by... The product rating or the service rating, e-commerce standards approaches. CO2, the mission plays the role now is the customer very far away. Is it a richness supplier or is it not a richness supplier? A domestic product or an important product. Okay, okay. So do the correct. Okay, can a customer compare offers for much place of birth? A customer as well? Yeah. Even knowing that the poor dog, not the same price. I give you, I give you an example, check, high speed is 24. Sure, it is good. Did you get a visual idea for what it was? I just had, do you have an Indonesia? Okay, yeah. Oh, there's a tea. So... So... It's only a price comparison machine, but they provided me with the entire idea for the product of pellets. I was just asking myself, why does this only exist for pellets, where there's a million other products? To hold a broach, we're talking about is already in place. You buy the, you buy this in banks, okay? Now we put the postcode, I put my home postcode now in. And you say, okay, one, three pilots of this product. It's, it's chain disseration. So, they know where you need it? Did you want it impacts on a palette and an approximate amount would you think? You can also we can count in square meters or whatever. Here you can choose if there are severance service options, delivery time, et cetera. And you compare everything what is available, based on every time euro per ton, because it doesn't help to compare palettes with each other, because there's one who puts 66 bags, the other puts 70 bags, one put 60 bags. So we have always a unit of measurement, which is the same for all the products. So heating material is always counted in tons. Okay. Gardening product is always counted in cubic meters. Stolid fuels, so firewoods in cubic metals. When you have these pavements, you compare in squared meters. So that you are able to compare the prices, the most the size is fickle for us is what does the surprise put on? It's not the individual price propelled, but the price proton. And there you can sort it. It's all different players. Fulfillment problems, you can call it, heights folks. They offer all what's needed. They are normally, you can imagine, in here, you have to filter criteria like you have it in booking. Yeah, exactly. But this whole logic here in the middle is pretty much the same. This is how we have it on Padigot E now. If you click on Paddy Goudi, E, that follows the same logic, but... we've all sorts of products, but that you get a visual idea of where we need to get, that this already exists in small other branches, but it's not solved for good. And they have no connection to expeditions. They have nothing, or what they do is price comparison engine. They do no fulfillment, you cannot pay there, you cannot track there, you have no customer portal, you cannot have any claims, there's no customer service, no nothing. Does they all don't solve? We will solve this. The only thing this office surprise compares. Okay, okay. Okay, I think that's that was useful. Okay, there's this question. Can you, can you customer purchase bulldog from multiple supplier in a single order? Cool. Um, which means in a single payment. You would, 1st of all, decide for one product in the royal group of tenants. Maybe things, alright, you know, what? I have a gymney, maybe a all of firewood in the same goal and look, you have even soil for the goal. Then he starts another search. At the end of the day, there's 3 different products in the basket and tastes in one goal. But it comes from different suppliers. Okay. I think this sounds pretty should. Okay, now, this is another, this is not a core business hole, where we are, the next, the next section, the put dog ownership and a relationship model. Now, we have that, it's a product owned by a supplier, a manufacturer, a logistic provider, or multiple parties simultaneously. It's a pure, this would be building as a pure drop shipping. marketplace. So whoever lists the product, every merchant owns the product. Okay, one, two. Okay. Thank you, thank you. But what we do is to understand the business process. And You have this amateur business module. And where the merchant owns the product, and Amazon only asks if he. And you say his feet says British. Okay, okay. We do not operate, like, because we go it away, like Temu does it. Why? When we receive an order, we know from which products, from which suppliers we hold out. So we, through our earpieces, the module, send and order ourselves to the supplier. We buy this, virtually, we properly all of this product, and so we have a purchase order in the sales wall, which means we are the action and the sense of the trade, or we don't externalize all this, and only ask for this provision is no, we buy and we sell it. Even the product does not arrive in out any of our warehouses. But it goes straight to the customer. But we sent a purchase order. We receive an invoice from them, you pay the invoices. Of course, we pay the invoice only 2 weeks after the customer has been satisfied and heavy. Then this payment is released. But legally, from the legal perspective, we buy officially the product and sell officially the product with the price premium. Okay. And this enables us. My vision is with a very dynamic intelligence price engine. Did the neighbors us to highly sophisticated dynamic pricing? Because all what supplies provide us with is the ex-works price and then a delivery premium. If we put 2% on top or 20, We can dynamically product group by product group, country by country, steal every minute. Depending on the competitive landscape, depending on the season, depending on the demand. And This, there is no fixed sales, provision that we put on top, and that's why I decided to run through this module because I want to give us the flexibility to decide for the sales price. It is not the merchant who decides for the sales price. The merchant tells us how much they want for the product and what the cost of the logistics is. We decide what you will do in the test prices. Maybe sometimes we send even product on a minus margin because I want to kill a competitor. Yeah, possibility. But that, that clean competitive, that's what I want to know, like, on the platform. I a customer, I search for a poodle. I see it from different providers. Now my question is, will the customer know the mansion? Like, oh, we know the manufacturer because I can... And I want to get a way of showing them as a kind of company independently. Or with that logo? This is still implemented like this. I think this is the wrong way to do it. We communicate them as a transport and fulfillment. Oh, you chose like a logistics company. Nothing else. And they would not have their own website where you can filter all the products from one supplier. that's all known. Okay, okay. We have lending pages for specific brands for specific types of product. They are only shown with the ratings, said, okay, fulfillment politics, Y Z, as an average rating of 4 points and installs. Okay. And that's it. But like now, like we have to look for 3 energy or buy a bar or whatever, they named it, to show them... That's why I always eat, you know, has no need. Absolutely 0 need. You said, okay, you... You all have balance, your order will be fulfilled by... Okay. That's okay, yeah. Okay. You don't need to know more. Okay. Or your product will be shipped by... Okay, so you know where I expect... Yeah, nice, nice, actually. We buy with a customer. It's a player, comes on the platform, and miss the problem. But when the customer buys, we buy the product. Yes. Which means the... The customer level knows the, the, the supplier. Okay, what's the matter? They can, they can rate if he was happy with the service, if it was a petition company only, or if the supplier was, did all to do the transport, all they rate is if they were of the product, if they were able to service. Some of them, both, between the product and the service, they get 2 different writers. So it means that they need. But with the name of them is... Cheers. Okay, it means I think us speaking, whoa, happened during the, and other is that after maybe the oldest will chase, like, there will be some, some, like, event that will be happening, like, maybe sending some information to the supplier, that maybe it's start some rating, that it's coming from this customer. Another information, coming, maybe two. Let's see, Panico. It's a... So that's the workflow? Yeah. Customer orders? Yeah. The merchant, who got the sales will be notified, so look, you've received the normal. Okay. Sales Bruce is already in place. I'm just explaining it. Okay. So, make sure you get yourself ready depending on which type of fulfillment they originally put for, they can only choose from one of the 3 A, B, C. Either they get the delivery address and you said the customer wants it by then and there's all the details, then they get 2 orders, they can do all of all the product and do all of all the service. Okay. Okay. If they say, okay, you receive the water for your mother, make sure it can be picked up. So the merchant said, all right, the product is ready to be loaded. Okay. If they flag updated the product is ready to be loaded, this petition company gets a push message. Okay. Product is ready to load. Expedition company sends the push measures back when they were loaded. They loaded? Okay, okay. Status update, product is loaded, product is underway, to the customer, and then use all the process, just to communicate back and forth between the stake models. Okay, okay, okay, exactly, exactly, because the moment is, this work today is put in place, because if you notice, like, the other, one other that up to, like, uh, I don't know, like, up to, like, minimum 4 actors, that are actually tracking the others, or, is it that they're tracking the others when you arrive to them? Because let's say, for example, days, because the moment the order is made, right, we know OG, which logistic is going to take care of it, which supply is going to get the product, almost everything about the information. Now, maybe our system, our core system start sharing the different depths. You read every product all the line separately. Okay. One of them maybe needs to be walled, is all an express for delivery next day. The others, despite of any other options, will be delivered in 2 weeks by totally someone else. So that the workflows behind is every time related to the order line. So if you order as a customer of 5 different products, you start 5 times to process. Okay, okay, okay. That's okay. That's okay, exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Because most likely it will be 5 different sopranas. Yeah, so in some cases. But you pay it all in one go? And you see the status of fulfilled, uh, in shipping, not even shipped. You see this in the rose controlled. For sure what it is, yes, and the price, we don't for sure maybe it's a class, we have to show price. How are you going to get this on the average price of your display to the cost of? No, I wouldn't get that permission, please. Our pricing works exactly like this. So 1st of all, the customer makes the decision of his product preference. He can choose the cheapest price or the best rating whatsoever. Then we know exactly which product from which supplier he orders. Based on this, we know the X works price from this supplier, plus the shipping cost, and this is what they one to one get paid out, one to one. The sales price that we charge to the customer is, comes with our sales premium on top. This is what I call dynamic crisis. So now we have aesthetic, we have aesthetic price premium, for pellets, we top 5%, for other dollars views, we have 8 to 10% for garden with 15% that we put as a large in on top. Right now, this is aesthetic. Okay. It will be in future dynamic, in one country, we have maybe high competition. Exactly. And another marketplace, similar competitor, competitor against us, then we will have an aggressive rising in another country. It's only us. Okay, this question now, what if it's just a scenario that is possible to happen? What if, like, I, a customer, let's say, for example, I'm trying to, let's say, buy an iPhone. I know that if I'm to buy an iPhone and camera, it's, let's see, if I'm okay. But if I'm to buy the same iPhone, let's say US is, let's say, 400 K. Now, one customer does it. goes where everything goes well at that price. Another person, 2 cost a 3 cost a month. Now, people would tend to say, but wait, why should we buy it in come on, which is closest? Meanwhile, we can just almost everybody can just buy food that world. I think they let me probably be low. The question in regards to iPhones is very fair. We would not face this question because you put your need to put your delivery address first. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, before the Yeah, exactly. Exactly. You can get some prices. You compare banana, apple, and beer. The price you're interested in includes the delivery. Okay, exactly. This makes a huge difference. Yeah, it's, yeah. Why, that's why this business model is burning unique in the way that we do not phase global competition from China or else? Well, exactly. Because the product always comes with the service. Is that the service is the delivery? Exactly. So we have suppliers that are in East of Europe, the product is much cheaper. I think she thinks it's immediate times more expensive. Okay. So, only the combination, the cheapest, if you go by the price, only the cheapest possible combination of product price and service ends up in the best possible offer. Okay, yeah, yeah. If the product price is high and it doesn't mean you're not competitive. If you throw off the neighbors. The delivery is only €20, maybe you're number one. Yes, yes, it's obvious. Yeah, it's not... It's magical, it's magical, it's magical. It's political. Okay, mm. Okay, this is last question for this section. If the same product exists at multiple locations, are these separate inventories or the same eventually? Okay, take care. Okay. Now, the product, uh, the section of the product geocalization. Yeah, how should a platform determine where the poodle is located? Where the product is located? Yeah. This comes by the listings of the merchants. So, they list in the back end, they tell, they tell you, um, They have multiple warehouses. Okay. And they listed on the warehouses. At the end of the day, it... It doesn't even get how many warehouses they have, or when the price is on every particular warehouse is, we had this thought in the past, and this is a bad thought. It is irrelevant how many warehouses they have, what they need to give us is this one priceless, and the post code related shipping prices. Okay. So when they receive an water and they have 10 warehouses, it's not our problem to decide from where they must trip it. It's the issue. Maybe the design for particular reasons to use the one or the other. We don't care. The only one we know is, for which price he sold it. Okay, okay. Okay. Right now, this causes an issue because this is a mistake in the current infrastructure and the concept of the system. In our big end, we can register multiple warehouses. And for everywhere hours, they can register individual in the weak individual... Product. Yes, yes. This is H or exception cases that lead to a head of a nightmare of complexity. I said, you know what? Get rid of all this nonsense. I won, for one, uh, login. They provide us with a list of products and they provide us related to it, whether the slimest possible, the postcode areas, maybe the desire to have the same price in the whole country, then it's not my business here. Yeah, yeah, it's true. Stay decide. Maybe they said, okay, we have one postkid area where we are very competitive because it is closed or we have 2 or 3 because it is closed to our warehouses. And in other areas where we have no warehouses, we put another price. It's up to them. But this is... The development, the way how it is done, is too overly complex. We need to reflect all this, limit and trim it down so that we have one product catalogue for every single merchant. where they have, where they maintain the available quantity, and they evade the price. Okay. For their prices. And to make the differences, in most good areas, attach to this one product at the lobe, we put the richnet transport because attached to it. So then every time you add to this one rice list, this regional transport cost. And we do this once, but not like it, is now, that we distinguish, or maybe in this one warehouse, we have this set of products with this price, and at this quantity, and you then you register for a 2nd warehouse, and you do it once more, and once more, once more, we have one supply wears 50 warehouse. Nonsense. Okay. One product had a load, this would be one of the next ultimate aims to get there, to leave this up. One product catalogue, together with this postcode, based transport price, table, and we are home. And from where they dispatched, we took care of. Okay, because you make things more complex, so... Okay, should a customer only see food available near nearby? So customers only see product available nearby. They see the product wherever there is. You can put in this postcode table, you can put your postcode for the whole country, or you can put only your neighboring postcode. As soon as you fill up a price for this postcode area, you can, with the postcode, we have 10, what peak posts could arrest, they go from 0 to 9. If you put only and say, okay, we put it very generic, and we put in zero, we put €50, and one, we want €60, or you go down to 5 digits, and you have at almost a different price for every village. It's up to everyone. But at the end of the day, as soon as you make yourself available by putting in a transport price, it means you should do this. Even if it's the other side of the country, you just very unlikely that you're the cheapest, they are. Yes, yeah. But if you, in theory, you were able to serve this area, No problem. No problem. Although it is, I do not want you any cross wall offerings. This makes it too, too complicated. I was thinking about it because we, we have the headquarters of my company very close to the Czech Republic, and we are very close to golden. There are pellet factories on the other side of the border. But enable them to serve our side in Germany, there are no customs, no nothing, but you have 2 different currencies. forget. Okay, okay. Dances. So let's just begin to concentration. Yeah, it took too too complicated. Okay, both kind of customer actually have the possibility of specifying the radius of sage. Even though it's in the same company. Okay, I offer my I am a German merchant. Okay. That doesn't mean they could not sell products from Ukraine or products from France. They import them to their warehouse, but the warehouse is descending in the look that the loading and the shipping addresses must be in the same country. That's it. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That place... There's why also traders play a very important road because not every product naturally comes from Germany. If you buy granite stones, that comes from that comes from natural resources. We don't have them much more in Germany, have they come all from Poland, but it's used a lot in Germany. It's all 100% important. Okay. But it's fine, and we have traders who will list themselves as a merchant, put their prices in availabilities, and that's it, but their warehouse is in Germany. Okay, easy. Okay, nice, nice. There's this question, because we know origin how we have like almost a single source of truth of data. Now, what if it happens that a near supply is out of stock? If someone is out of stock, um, in the back end, an e-commerce marketplace, you're still usually stores and then. When someone is out of stock, it's not a big issue. This product will not be shown. But if he puts an available quantity, but is not able to ship and fulfill the order, he will get a problem. Because he gets his service level, if he's not on time. If he's not answering the customer messages quickly enough, all this stuff, you will find this, we provide us all of this, how this marketplace operates. This is service in the book APIs. Okay, so they can go with 99% satisfaction or they do not upload the invoices on time. There are certain things that they need to do. And they threaten that account and it worst, worst case, if they don't ship enough or if they are products or trash. And with too many customers who are happy with this, we love them. You see them? Okay. Okay, okay. The worst case scenario. Okay. He's like, I don't understand. The cost is able to make the poodle and they said it is. So, um, they they customize my diet communication with. correct. So, but the supplier can respond to both the supplier and the fulfillment partner, sometimes the producer and the logistics is one, but sometimes it's not. They can, of course, respond to the to this feedback. They cannot erase it, but they can fleck it up for false information, like it goes to Google, you can do, put it in rating on Google, and if there's someone doing insults, is unfair, untrue information, you can fleck this up, and we in the back end can assess this rating. It can certainly erase it. But there's a slate the same in every reference season. That's why we want to use our own product preferences then because from the ones that are regular in the market, no one distinguishes between product and service. They all have one rating for all, and you never know, and if you go through ratings, is, did you get the one stuff for the product or what stuff for the service? Oftentimes the product was very good. He said, I'm very happy with the product, but the service was shit once off. That's not very true. Okay. Press. Okay, now, let's move on to the opening channel present strategy. Yeah. Yeah, okay. True, true, checking. Because we want to see the office today. yeah. It's almost... I'm very happy. I take all my time because I love this project and toppings once on your questions as long as you want. But I think for now, I think it's good. I've never seen you office myself. As he wants to show it to us. Let's have a look now. We can go. And of course, those are all very important information that I want to catch up in a corner of Vicky entry when everything is answered, but this is also a living document. And it must be all dynamically documented, and the majority of all the questions you are asking, we have already in this repository. We use geography before, and then we took out everything to our Udo, Vicki, with a full export of geography into Udoviki. And, um, both the help of AI, we can then, uh, import all the scheme information and generate, uh, a briefing, a business briefing, for the AI, to feed the whole agents and the systems with this core information, how we think and assess stuff. So it's good that we do this traditionally now, but it will be with everybody who comes newly on board. The system is constantly learning and breathing with our scope of service, scope of system, and that's how, because it's quite complex, there are too many things, logistics, stuff like this. If you, if we do it at proper AI is set up. If we make sure that the data is secure, then we don't send all this contradiction information to some US or from globe to ChatGPT or whatever, but create our... Polyco operating system, all of our political AI operating system that is purely tailored to the needs with all the business knowledge of our business, constantly learning from itself. Then, of course, it will also help not only US developers, but it will also help the customer service, we will help the onboarding and humanity controlling, and we have several agents who serve different needs. And we train the ancients exactly with the question, so you are agent number one, human being, we convert this into the digital type and brief our AI, or it's like this. For this, we need full AI infrastructure because my words with aim is to have a full AI 1st company. Therefore, we need an AI constant infrastructure with a small approach in methodology. How we, um, make use of AI with respect to performance with respect to costs, with respect to confidential data, certain layers, MCP, so, or whatsoever. Okay. And this all comes in today when we think of a basic technical text tech and we do have you've made your, you've developed your thoughts about this. You share all this, of course. We developed this together with our thoughts together on Germany, but this is so that you get an idea where we need to eat. From day zero, AI first, to have this all in place, because of every single new empty, otherwise, you would need to repeat the same round of questions. I think it's very beneficial to do this and very sensible, to pick you up and understand the business module. Do you want to do this constantly? No, the knowledge would certainly need to keep on learning, keep on learning, keep on learning. At this dynamically, I don't want to write any static, picky posts. Vicky boats need to be giving themselves, and they will refresh themselves constantly. Okay. But anyways, we will go through all this and then we check, let's check after the office, how we do all planning for tomorrow. And besides the whole business aspect. And My question in regards to your, um, to your case study is. How do we integrate all this into reality? I want to get the organizational charge responsibilities and all this. But 1st of all, you understand what's needed. That's a lot. It works a bit like as if I was programming I now. We prepare the knowledge space. We get the agents in place. We do everything, collect, you collect all the sources of information, the PDFs that we already have, the tutorials that we already have. And I, if we are an AI, I throw this all on the table, and we start structuring all this. It one big one. And this head would help us to also leverage our skills and enforce team force. And because there will never be a disbalance of information between the team here, the team as well. So every time, every day on the same page, And this is a very new generation of a new possibility because of short teams in the past. Certainly lots of pros, but the majority coins, because there was always a lack of communication, and there was always a lack of knowledge. If you were holding off the offshore team for the 1st 6 months, they're all in line, but it's only a matter of time. while it's a break. If we put our systems, AI first, I don't see this risk coming. Even if you don't talk to each other for 2 weeks or 2 months in a row, the system is always up to date. And you can always ask the system even. Like, check, check, check. Talk to the AI. Exactly. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Good. Okay. So, we...

So I took my time to explain you the whole process. This is how I need to realize that I need to split the businesses into for the one target group who buys a new channel, who wants to go retail, who wants to order the prices in the store. This is all through energy. There's a lot of software development needed there too, with an own team there with about 5 developers in Germany. separated. We'll discuss the needs for this. Certainly at another point in time. In Paligo, though there's no omni channel, their only omni channel in this sense is that we will offer them every producer, um, to register a factory sale or a warehouse there. where they can, where they can say, okay, I'm ready or I do sell my products inside. This is the omni journal where they can be found online. There might be customers who want to pick it at their place, but it's already paid. It's already prepared. It's already done. The definition is only connecting online and offline. On a large scale, this is not relevant for the valuable project. What is a functionality and what makes sense is that every supplier can offer the opportunity to pick the products up on his manufacturing side. Um, We, for example, do this, so that you have an, a clear idea what the relationship between 3 energy and Patigo is, through energy, does, the fulfillment, we buy the products, we have the warehouse, we do the purchasing, procurement, payment, quality control sales. So really traditional trading business, buying selling, with physic, physical warehouses. This is what's real energy does. Polyco is the marketplace also. So as we energy is the 1st and biggest initially biggest platform partner, but besides real energy, there will be 100s of others. So Paddy goes the platform, just like Amazon, 3 energy is the 1st supplier who offers all the products, and besides 3 energy, there'll be many others. This is the relationship between the two. Okay. How does the shipping process work today? The shipping process today works historically through three energy. We receive the orders. I focus everything only related on palettes because the parcel make no at this stage. In trilogy, we have a listing of expedition networks and partners. This tradition networks and partners, they provide us with pricing tables. The rising tables consist of the weight of the palate. And the postcode. So it's a 3 dimensional X sheets or 2 extra sheets that are related to each other, of course, zones. This prices, we import in traditory energy system, and based on this, the system tells us who is the cheapest. This is if you're asking how it works today. There is a connector, we've developed this ourselves, and this is would be one task for us. To get done. I told you about the very fragmented and diversified expedition landscape in Europe, maybe everywhere in the world, with dozens of different networks, partners, and also consequently APIs and connectors. For this, we have developed within Udu, within the 3 energy Udu, based on Python. A connector to this various of multiple connectors to these various partners so that we can push the information for the delivery address, products, um, All information related to an order, and we retrieve and get back the tracking number. There are certain standoffs, one is called 4 times 100. This is an API or data format. called Fortras. But from this fortress 100, within the meantime, under different versions. That's noticed, I'm not any longer. What I meant to say is, from all the connectors that we needed to understand, within 3 energy, needed to get the description of every single API or whatever connect what they offer. And we connected us. I want to, um... Take out this connect to this development, the spacing-based auto development, as a separate unit. I've registered already a web domain called logistics with x at the end, logistics.net. It's from exchange, where we offer this as a standalone solution. It is nothing else than a power plug where online shops can plug in their can get connected through shopware, JTL, or any other or our poly go, and we have, we have, uh, distribution platform as a connector to this tradition world of Germany, and maybe beyond. The only job disconnector, this logistics, that is still internal, and needs to be a standalone system, based on piet, now whatsoever. has only 2 jobs. Pushing the information of an order. From the web, from any web shop, 2 debris selected tradition problem, pushing the data. Receiving the tracking information back. The selection, which tradition partner is the cheapest and best, is not the job of this of this feature and tool. So if you have a look into this, you would need to get access to our 3 energy auto system. And at the latest, when we start with, um, In quarter three, we need to resolve this, to have this standalone chauffeur development as an independent part where we may have even a front end, simple one page or we can later on develop apps for different shop systems, just like shop watch, ATL, et cetera, where they have a plug Like for DHL, it's the same functionality like for DHL or FedEx. with the only difference. It's not only GHL on FedEx, but it relates to everything which comes to expedition on palates. So you install this plug-in, this plug-in would be also done in the 1st place, installed in our polygo system. This is the whole sense of it, but I want to capitalize on it because there's a lot of knowledge inside with all these different connectors to all these tradition networks. I want you to leverage the commercial potential of this software, and not only make use of this for the sake of Peligo, but make use of this for everyone who wants to send everything on a palette because they either need to develop a connector themselves because there's no standard connector like the age are available. None. Or what they usually do, coffee paste. They take out from their webshop, customer name, street, address, product, copy this into the logistics platform, and copy back from there the link of the dragging. So it's a whole menu process in most cases. With some companies who work with logistics and valets usually do, they have only one single petition network partner. And maybe they have a connector for them. But one singers petition network partner can impossibly offer you for every single weight, post code, et cetera, the best possible price. But yeah, it is connected. I will explain you this for a separate project, or this is a partial project, when we talk about all the needs of Patico, one of the needs of Patico is to resolve and integrate this petition connector from the 3 energy Udu, into a standalone version, so that 3 energy can make use of it. Same technology, same functionality, and value can make use of it for all suppliers, which I categorize in type B. They provide the product Xworks, and they have an X to expedition partner who ships it, the customer, and this is, I think, a strokeless level that we need to achieve very quickly. They need the service or transparency that they always know where their order is. With DHL very easy. For what we do, we've developed the solution, but we need to offer offer the solution. The best possible platform is worth nothing if we cannot provide the customers with transparency and tracking. Does this answer your question as to anything else? Because many things are related to each other. I'm well aware that I jumped from one topic to another. Okay, yes? That's why I told you, I put everything on the table and just structure this for yourself. So I'm logistics, provide us, um, manage internal exercise. Then They are independent, logistics, external service providers. What we do is, we push the delivery information. We retrieve the drinking. Okay. How would they operate not our business? They are fully explored. So, um, the preceding question is, how should they platform under the best possible shipping option? Um, The platform, it's a, does not deal at the moment now with the best possible shipping option. It will be the listed merchant. For example, either he does the logistics himself. is not a big deal. The only bottleneck we have then that's if they do the logistics themselves, we most likely do not have any tracking. Yeah. So if it is a wood chopper, one man show, and he cuts the woods at night and he brings it to the people during the day. There is no drinking. What we can offer them is the label stages in my pipeline of ideas. We will have a polico merchant app. Like you have in Yango, they see the orders and they can say, okay, I will ship this to them and they can schedule appointments through the app and have a tracking even related to this. But this is a merchant Padigo app that comes down the road. We talk about 2027. Second option, I will answer shortly. Second option, they do not do the logistics themselves. They are, of course, with multiple partners who will do the job. The merchant, what happens? We receive an order from the customer, the order comes into the system, he gets a notification, congrats, you've received an order. At this stage, like in any other unlensure, he makes the decision if he wants to ship it with Pabla A, B, or C. No price comparison, no nothing. And it's better like this because It's not always the best part with the price that you can pick. It oftentimes has sense to bundle an amount of orders to get one truck fully loaded. So, the complexity is higher than only picking the cherry picking. That's why I don't want to add too much complexity in it. It's like you have a regular wrap shop, you have a DHL app, and you have a FedEx, and you have a UPS, and you side decide, okay, this I want to send for FedEx. There is no price in comparison at this stage because we do not know their price agreements with their petition partners. It's an this process happens externally. They only tell us which ones they have chosen and our interface make sure we push the data to the right one and retrieve the tracking from the right one. The decision which one he chooses, up to him. Okay. We can so only integrate an option that he can upload prices and support this functionality, but this I see rather in the separate module of logistics to support this project. It's a different service with a different membership that can be that is not exclusive to palebo, but to anyone else, where they can upload all their prices lists and make the decision and choose the best possible option, but this is a different project. In Parico, I do not want to overcomplicate this. All they need to tell us with whom they ship so that we can provide the customer, who's the drinking number. And for us, this is not even a commercial impact, because the actual real price from the calculated price on top is detached. They have nothing to do. We are not talking about the sales price mechanism with the actual cost. This is very important to understand your X works price, and you have this postcode where they give us, where they can give us some average prices, what they believe, they would charge for a postcode area. Is this the real price that they would end up when they really pay? No. They say, €200 is my product. Most good area one, I want €50 on top. Maybe he does it himself, maybe has 3 different partners, one charge is 45, 150, 160. This is not interesting for us because we pay only the 50. How? It deals with the €50, It's not our business. It's entirely detached from each other. What is the calculated cost? Bottom up, from the product to the sales price, our product crew margin and the VAT, very simple. The other is the actual cause we do not know his actual cause of the product and how much profit he has and don't care. I only know that I need to pay €200 If it's a production cost for 220 or 250, it loses money, it's not my problem. Okay. He gets he gets paid 200 for the logistics and it's supposed to put area 01, let's say, he gets €50 for the logistics. Done, because this is money. If this is enough, or not enough, or what is, um, profitability and uh, And profit is, this is not related. So when you ask how does this combined for the actual price, is it this is a detached separate streamline. So when we talk about the sales, we focus on the surf column, ex-workspace, plus, uh, we call it, calculative shipping cost, not actual, the actual, nothing to do with this. I can, I can paint you this down or write you on the, explain your, on a separate papers. Did you understand? It will never, never, never. For the sales front, and if you're in the marketplace, you we need we need a high performance system. The high performance system works with some static price information that is provided by the merchant. We will not never work with actual logistics, costs, and fluctuating prices or whatsoever because the prices will jump every minute. But not our problem. We want him to tell us what he wants to charge for, the political area. How much, if he does it, deserves it himself, or if he from the €50 he gets from us? How much he pays to his tradition partner, his partner. So he can choose amongst the ones he has. So shipping is all subsidized. He pays, he puts €50 in the system, but actually he needs to pay 60. That's not all, Bob. So even though it's the one integrating, the different logic they want, but the moment you put a fixed price for this particular postcode. So we don't care even if maybe at a particular moment in time, the logistic, maybe jap price from to it, not obviously. But you have to deliver them. Yes, yes, of course. At the only at the moment, when we call this position, he makes a decision which logistics transport provider he chooses. At this point, there's a separate feature. At this point, there could be a price comparison. Who is in the point of time the cheapest, but the sales has already happened? On his side, he goes, what I want to understand is that, because let's say, yeah, share, for example, let's say, Also on our side, we have already made the partner because we are the one who go and take different different, different kind of logistic, to interact into our platform. But no, at the level now, the merchant trying to choose different or you see that he wants to integrate for his different others. Now, is it that since us in the bar, we already said, okay, we associated with the partnership, we replaced the issue? Now, when the merchant comes to interlated thing, is it that why interwaiting? It says for this particular postcode, linked to a product or independent of a polo, just a postcode. And the moment the integration is made, even if they actually said that, okay, maybe there's this particular fluctuation of money, that integration is fixed, it doesn't change. Because I think they actually might see, but maybe it's like kind of a contract that they actually interacted with, they mentioned. When the moment they block a particular price, automatically the power will never change for that particular post school, for that particular measure, that interactive with a particular logistic automatic, it should never change, even if it changes like a, it's like a kind of a control that you made with an employee, even if, maybe after 10 years, something change, maybe the law changes unless you obey the control. So no matter what it's supposed to happen, or maybe I'm getting, uh, of things would always change, but um, You're the merchant. You think how much do I want if my product is sold and how much do I charge for the logistics? Okay. This is your role. In the 2nd stage, if you've sold your product and you get the job to get the logistics done, You choose how you're gonna do this and how you take the cheapest, but the price, the sales price has already happened. So if you if you are a chef in a restaurant and you have this, and you sell a meal, You say, okay, I want X, Y, Z, uh, euro for this. How you go to the market and buy the eggs and potatoes and vegetables for this up to you. You make the profit on this difference. So 1st of all, they need to set the price. They can adjust the price 5 times. Okay, got it. They can adjust the price constantly. Okay, say in the morning, I want 195 for my palate. And for lunch, they say, okay, I better do 200 because I said too quickly. Maybe I haven't sold out, they can adjust the price. Okay, money. And they can also, and they manually adjust the price of the of the of the shipping tariff. Okay, yeah, it's better because either they want money doing that automatically, us, we always have the updated variation of things. It's as if the price, the seaspal will be floating, but it's actually, then there is making their price for tating. Exactly. Exactly. Okay, so on the, the customer, We never select a shipping, um, logistics. So that is what they, the customer would select the service he wants. You can tell I want it shoot on a particular day. I want someone to call me before, whatever. When tracking, okay. Which edition company comes to him, not his business? Okay. It would be said, a product with a shorten, short on a certain service level. Oh, you're talking about? Oh, they're talking with? You know, let's say, let's, they are, they have their way of tracking whenever you're, you're always coming. Another company has their way. Is it that like we are going to centralize based on what he said? He may just see his order going. But that platform, I mean, the tracking section of the platform. irrespective of which logistic there is doing the order, it's just insane tracking going on. Okay, it's okay, then. He doesn't care about who is coming. We just know that. Okay, okay, everything is in the back. Once the product, if the truck is red, green, or blue, or if it's a man or woman, or if the white or black, he doesn't care, he wants the brother. Because when the team player should do this, they send the tracking on my mind. Yes. And the dragging number comes from 100 different directions, that's we centralize in this logistics state of platform, where we have cargo line, DBS. I can name you them all. They have different technologies. We integrate them with the APIs until once our standard, we have a pedico or logistics standout, and based on this, we get all the different tracking numbers, and the only thing they need to tell us is which one they have chosen, the merchant needs to tell us, for the customer is irrelevant. But I think, I think for these things to really be practically correct, it means that every time they, another is made, for each reach, the customer, it should always reach a person. should not be like, for example, yeah, you come home, they will tell you that maybe your order arrived, you are the one to go, maybe to do as a, instead of maybe just staying, giving a postcode. Yes, you just give me a postcode. Maybe a hydroid, they just come and hit you directly. Say so. If there's a postcone there, there's a great address. And they bring it to your home anyway. If you don't know which enterprise took care of this. Okay, then. nice. Okay. Okay. So in the, in the meantime, um, Chooses, logistics, um, those, when it comes to the final pricing, like many, many customer checks out. The major calculates the product price and the logistic price and the customer checks out both. Is that the case? Yes, yes. So, um, The price for the customer, that's very important. You always buys the product, including the shipping. So that is, he will never see what is the price of the product and what is the price of the transport. This is for our branch and business quite deadly because people never want to pay for transport. They have one of them. So when they say I shortly answer question, if the merchant put 250 for the shipping, what does the what does the customer see? He sees 200 +50 plus or 15% margin plus VAT. This is the price what he buys. Let's say €300 or whatever, 300 or 20. He buys for 320. Including maybe a visation or delivery on a particular day, this job is included. But he pays one price for the whole package. We do not show him the single partial payments, how this price consists. He doesn't care. And this is also what customers expect. They want to have no worries, that there are additional fees like with airlines and all this shit. They want their preferences, they want the product, they wanted to particular time, they want to see one prize, that's it. That's surprise. No hidden costs. Location or? Is, um, the customer, and I want to buy some food lecture. I have a total price for the shipping on all the novistics inside. Now they mention one to send me the product. The price I would let take consideration, the shipping that I used to, to work with. It's not more available. That's the problem of the motion. It's the virtual, you don't. You give a rise, if that's in writing like this. If I make a quotation and someone said, I take it, and in the meantime, the price is got more expensive. It's my problem. Okay. Okay. So, um, I would like to know what, what exactly is, is, is being trapped? Like, for example, if I place an order, um, is, is it individual products in my own, like, let me say, I add to my basket and then I make an order. In with that product, we are tracking, or is it the order? Every water line gets it gets a gets an individual tracking. So it's trying to, to attract the product, because it's very unlikely. Maybe there's one merchant from your shopping basket who sends 2 of the products in your basket. But it's very likely that the products that you've selected, we are marketplace, they come from 6 different versions. And one of them takes 3 days to deliver, and for me, it's very important that the product is on time. I think of a construction side, the other product will arrive in 2 weeks and I don't even care what the product arrives and what the cheapest, totally detached individual trackings. So they can they follow the whole process with one product and select one. This one auto line will be pushed to one merchant. He wants another product with individual shipping condition. This would be pushed to another merchant. So it's... All individual tracking information. You said your order position number one will be shipped by Tuesday between 8 and 11. Although position number 2 will be shipped on Friday between 12 and 6. So, um, at what point, so tracking the recorded. So, like, for example, let me see, many tracking things. So, you say, okay, the tracking has, take a note. The product has been, that's like the fact. The different stages is, this is predefined, provide you with all this entirely logistics and equino standard. What we need to be aware is that we can, especially for the, for this one man show, wood shepherd, shoppers. The customer who wins the cheapest possible price, he doesn't give a shit about tracking. Um, we call it Absteg, which means they put the product in front of the house storm, and Germany, no one would steal it, who would steal wood. I don't know anyone. You put the product in front of the house door, drop down. If the if the tracking is important to the customer, it should be a filter criteria that tracking is important for me. Click, so we have product related filters. We have service related fertils. They said, I want tracking, I want a particular tape, so it shows only the merchants, who can provide the tracking that would be the merchant's classification B to work with external expedition companies, who are actually able to provide a tracking number, or later on, um, type C, framed by Palico, would always have tracking naturally. Type A, when men show delivery themselves, would not be able to provide tracking unless they would buy in 2027 or brand new Padigo app, where he pays €99 per month to offer tracking. Okay, for the, for the users that one tracking, what, um, What tracking information are they, is, is visible today? Um, They only tell us if the product has been shipped, if it's underway to, to, to go to this place and they have an estimated time of arrival, ETA, it's called. And that's it, and they said, it would be usually with push notifications that can be linked to what can be linked to email, so that he gets constantly updated through push messages, where the, but it isn't, there's three, 4 main statuses. Shipped in progress to be sent to you shortly before arrival and arrived, something like this. And for this of class, like to do this, a glass house, visibility, only tracking. Yeah. So, they ended over, but as soon as they ended over to the logistics, that shut this down. But they want to see where the product is, because they would only get access to the money, if the product has been successfully delivered. If they do this themselves, or if they give the product to petition partner, it's up to them. But they can only claim the payout if we have a green check. Okay. For some, uh, easy one whose friend they will see. Uh, the green check will be provided by the logistics company delivered. If we don't receive any check from them because there is no tracking. We assume that if after 2 weeks, the customer did not raise a claim, that the product has been delivered. Because if they don't receive it, they would certainly call. So the logistic partners update the truck in diary. Yeah. What I'm thinking is... We do have, which product information and know, which description I provide you with because we have this Udo Vicki. where all of this technical question for the business module, this detailed questions, they'll well described to a larger standard detail, even much better, than I'm able to do it now where we're here. I think it's important to exchange, but we do have this already in place. I want to give you X, you must get access to this. Secondly, we do have an AI concept where we have, we're talking about the air operation system, where we have a plan of the infrastructure. I was entered to you that you can study all this. What else can I provide you with? Get access with get access now. Yeah. I mean, it's only professional, I mean. For for our guitar. Yes, well. You have? Yeah, now I'm a game of access. First of all, we need to detach our three energy data from the very good data, so that you get full access to the repository, because they are, you, of course, can run all your analysis, can get your head round, everything what has been delivered, can do analysis on security performance whatsoever. But of course you need access to the full code. Um, and the Dicky and this order, Vicky, and 1st of all, I would grant you access to our uh, 3 energy Udo. Padico, so that you can study everything because we used confluence in Jura. We started with an external agency. They've developed until the point where we are now, now we do everything in house. And so we copied the whole product description, cut user stories with all the questions you have now into our, uh, parigod, baking. So from there you can retrieve, it's pages of documentation, um, of requirements and functionalities, pretty much what the things we discuss now. And this you can put all, integrate into one AI system or study all this because we are quite advanced with all this, that we'll be always remaining questions that would be always new features. I have a long list of features and functionalities at the back of my head, but this is I come up with this later in time. But what we've got already now, we need to put ourselves all on the same level. It will take you time, and this is what I think is very important and crucial for the Mensna of June. to immediately give you access to the whole world of Palico, so that you analyze and study, and then get very quickly integrated. From next week, we get Christian, you've got to know Jonathan. that's our project manager. Christian is our technique. He worked for about 20 years for about you, about you, is account or peer of Salando group, which is the biggest fashion online e-commerce in Europe. So we'll get them from there. He's profound knowledge of text, text, and the whole eco-merce world. And you will get your counterparts and then work on eye level. So this would be actually my next thought. We will go through the whole checklist because I think it's helpful to get things explained. And once you read it later on, say, all right, okay. Now, yes, now it's coming, it's coming, it's coming. You get this. Okay. So, let's put on the checklist that you need, the access to your to Padikovo, Tudiki. With all conference documentation, whatever, you need access to our ketropositry. It's a very essential fundamental starting point for you. The project management we do and get get out at the moment now. Oh, okay. They did have projects. It proved to work well. Okay, so, um, it's 10 AM. Almost. Um, can you tell me how far are we? Because I'm not up to date how it looks like with our guitar. Separation of the tool, you have. You have, uh, we still have the one get up from 3 energy in Paligo historically, was when one company. At least what you can do is you have to log ins. You can use your log-ins to share information with the other guys. Um, so that you can that you can get an initial idea. of everything that is, that, okay, Sweden Guitar. Yes. So with that, um, what we did was we went through the GitHog reports, the post situation we had access to. Okay. We went to, and then we... Is what you 2 did or did you did this? No, this one, which one did before the Orlanti? Okay. So we went through and then we came up with the monthly rotate on boarding documentation for other guys. Good, okay? Which I've shared with them. I scheduled them this morning. Okay. So, um, from there, we can now, have an over your month, age repository. What we should develop is and discuss with the other guys, especially with Jonathan and Christian for next week. that we have an initial road map to the end of June what needs to happen till when? Starting from your office infrastructure, starting from your onboarding, uh, What do we finally use in terms of licenses? We use girls AI. Is that the solution for goods? For good is nothing. Clothes, ChatGPT, teams, we need, with the knowledge we've got today, a coherent strategy. This strategy would be discussed and decided by The tech lead here, and Christian, on the other hand side, this is the tool, so to say, all the team members will get, get all the same, there's no difference between here and Germany, who fully work on the same infrastructure. But that thing is makes any sense. And then we install and set this whole environment up because it's also, of course, especially AI, who will become a huge quest driver. So we need to also think which AI infrastructure we will host and set up ourselves independently, which ones do we buy commercially for development purposes, et cetera? That's why I would share with you our AI concept. I do have the file here. And did you also consider in your planning at the end of the day on Friday, you will tell me your approach, who will be the tech lead, who takes the responsibility for London, for backend, and whatever? You decide the most yourselves. You discuss all this, but this AI infrastructure, I think, is ostensible to set this up initially, because if we approach all this in a traditional manner, We lose lots of traction afterwards. So better, I'm thinking also in a certain sequence of things to be done that needs to be also reflected by you. We can sometimes it is a burden and it's time consuming to do something 1st. But it gives you enormously more speed and traction and work efficiency later on. Instead of doing, instead of process the work, like we, like we used to do this. Therefore, I put everything on your table. I don't mean to do this consulting for you. It's your case study, and I um, I decided to do it like this and to regress commute this. thoughts and planning instead of explaining you my vision of life and reality when it comes to software development or um, So it's 3 pillows that I think you need to get your head around for today and tomorrow. This is everything with the same kit. This is our Vicky, this is our AI concept, and based on this, you get your head front, how we can move on. And this print I have in mind is towards the end of the year. Where do we want to get? How do we need to get there? What do we need? Who does what? This is this is something that I can, that is tangible for me. 31st of December, 2026, on which level do we get? Where the weekend? And my ultimate aim is to get a solid, well functioning marketplace infrastructure, so that from 2027, we can focus on features. There will be many features. But the core of the platform must be must be working. There are two or three things that must be fixed, that was, upon the knowledge we've got today, not fit for purpose. This product catalog and multi warehouse thing I mentioned yesterday. It is implemented now. This is an exception case. It has been implemented, which makes, which increases the complexity remarkably and the snow huge energy. You will just limit this to the necessity. Good, I wouldn't have the meeting now for 10, and we will try to think, we will finish all this list, of course, but what I want to do is uh, trying to get access to your duty to this information on Urdu. Hey, I concept, I have, I've already got my email, but just need here Wi-Fi access on my laptop. Then for what is also to you, so that you can share it. and discuss it. My plan is then that we finish everything for us for today until lunchtime, only because I know that you would need for sure one. 5 days to come up with the roads web and the idea how we can approach all this different. And I want to give you this time. To dive into all this, share tasks. I think it is also sensible recommendation advice to do not all the 6 of you, all the same things. So they said, okay, this is what you can do best, you focus on this. I want to get results. You focus on this, the sort of boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. So that you develop speed interaction and distribute responsibilities already now. Okay? Okay. Good. Good to know, maybe it takes half an hour, 45 minutes. I will get back to you and then we trying to answer the majority of your key questions and get your access to all the knowledge based. Okay. We need. Sir? Good. Need space now to work here, the... Not really, yeah? Yeah, too many. I think, you know what? I'll find the solution with IC, to have the meeting, I have a look. We don't need much space, we are three. So I prefer half an hour. I would solve all this and you just simply stay young, easy. Then you can be at least productive because otherwise you couldn't work. Okay? feeling good? Yes, uh, we just decided that we go to meeting a relief the guys here, because then they keep on working, but... Nice place, right? Yeah, I think it is, but... I think in this morning, it didn't be fine.

It puts the barcode in, this product is not listed, we can register the product, it runs through a permission process, and there is someone who verifies this product on behalf of calico, said, okay, except you can have it online. Yeah, because I don't want any external to trash our product catalogue with stupid information. They can, they can, uh, insult a draft product. Someone from us publishes it. Okay, so when individual products have the backboard and the generic products are verified, generic products are generic. So, um, this Baku, when the customer stands, it's cool. What information is he having? And for example, In Amazon, I do not know with which online platforms you're used to. You have the feature, even on ChatGPT on what else, where you can scan the barcode and compare the prices. This features, standout, in the meantime. And then it shows you all the online shops and marketplaces that offer this product and it compels you to price. So you're the customer, barcode, look in the shop, you're too expensive. go home. All this online in front of his eyes, say, thank you very much, goodbye. So, this is the way it goes. So that means this bar code is a very crucial information. It's a unique identifier for every large language world to identify a product exactly. Okay, okay, okay, before that, because we don't forget that this generic, 1st of all, like, it means a puta, no more, like, like, like. Yes, like, they're not, like, like, once it's in a, like, you come and see, let's say, Metro come and say, I have, like, 20 of these products, because if it should be generic, is it a merchant, entering, or are we the one automating? You know, if they want to maintain, it means that the major needs to have it on the physical poodle. I think that automated, it should be to base it on it. But I don't think it should it will be actually a big process. It's not a big process, though. to, I mean, to insert the barcode on the product that is selling, if it's coming from our platform. Okay, that's right. That's right. But, um, for a big bag of sand or a package of wood, um, We have, better to say, we provide them with a Palico bar code. Okay. Okay. Well, we say, okay, for us, it's a standard for us, it's a standard pellico product. Okay. Which is generic? In in the political world, this has this carries this barcode. Printed, attention, scan it. Okay, okay. And that's it. So we would have a list with our own barcode for a list of, let's say, 500 generic products, commodities which come in all sorts of packaging. Some of them with one cubic middle, one of them one. For us, this is it clearly a standardized product, and one product can be characterized by 3 to maximum 4 different criteria. And then we know exactly which product it is. We don't make it more complicated than this. Okay, so the generic plus some generic means, okay? You want the product proof of firewood? For firewoods, I can tell that there are 3 key product criteria that metal to the customer, which type of wood is in? Okay, fine, okay. Is it dry away? The length, 33 centimeters or 25? This is the 2 standard. Some of them use all the 50. So you have, and this is not even very up, it is relatively fixed sentence. And then comes, I need to take a change. Do you put one room meter, do you put one. 5? 2 room meter on the pellet? So we have 4 criteria where they can click on it and the product is clearly identified. Because I'm trying to, I'm trying to picture how, how you can, because if you are, the one coming out with our new system of bad codes, it means that it should be a kind of fixed lane every time. I mean, not for it to have always small, big, small, big back or small, like it should be like generic life or something. So any product. So what I would suggest at the end of the day with 200 different types of Paligo firewood configurations. Okay. With 200 barcodes. And what they offer must fit into this logic. If he says something which does not fit into the blood shape, leave it, you are one of the 10% we don't care about. You guys support them, right? Or for either education. okay. So they, they, as soon as they click, they have another choice. I said, okay, I have, for example, beach, and they can choose, do we have 25, there's 33, 3 or 50? He clicks, check, comes next. Do you sell it wet or dry? Okay, is that wet? You cannot tell it immediate. Does they exist? And then he said, Okay, we have stand up sizes for one room meter, 1.5, 1.7, 1.8, and two. We have 4 choices, which is industry standards. If he wants to sell it in one.3, his problem, I don't care. I was also thinking about us automatically generating dynamic biocles. What do I mean? Like? This, let's say, the iPhone 12. Apple, as an example, he mentioned, come and say, he sent it iPhone. So iPhone 12 is the model is the standard gene model. But now the serial number, which is different for each poodle. But now Apple says to our platform that, okay, I have the product, I control, 10 quantities. Now, the moment, let's say, the process of a client, a customer trying to the process of ordering. Now, until almost at the end, like, until you have selected, they married everything, that's where now the, the, this unique barcode of that product that is united, is created, whether the nature on his side knows that when he will get the order, he will just print the barcode and put it on the put on the. There's 2 things, there's the SKU, the SKU individual to every merchant. Okay, okay, yes, awesome. And the barcode was the same for everyone. So for us, we have the SKU and my company through energy. Everybody knows with this SQU, this is product. For the rest of the world, no one knows this SQU. Okay. It's a boom. But if you scan the bar code that belongs to our SPU, it's another SPU for someone else. You can compare alike with like. So there's 2 things. The SKU, which is used individually for every single merchant. It's their identifier. I'll take a pneumon. Intro number? Yes. And universal number, which exactly identifies this product, no metal from whom it is. Company A uses this SKU company B uses this SKU. Okay. Okay. Okay, stop keep doing. Of course, if they receive an order and I have my operation 15, maybe this short lead, this would be then also match and linked to their ERP system if the pieces then matches based on SKU, or the warehouse team works based on SKU, you know when in the warehouse knows a barcode, because my SKU, they have 6 digits. Barcode has 13. No one remembers spa codes. The Barcos is only to compare all the products in the world. They can use on the internal. So that's why usually within companies, companies only operate based on the internal number, which is called SKU. Okay, and there's also this thing that you just added. Now, I want to ask this situation that sometime it happens nowadays. Is there a possibility that a merchant has to or many workspace? When I make workspace is, is like, they mentioned, he has an SKU for this, his enterprise. Or in simpler times, is it possible for a merchant to have many of his account in one place? Like, yes, for example, like a user like me, in get up, I'm in full organization. Yeah? Um, maybe owning, too. I mean, I'm trying to sensualize like there's only one central authentication for a user. asking the regard of different warehouses, where he has different and different product catalogs, different places with different rises and different quantities, for example. as one user. Yes, simple doctors. Yes, this is theoretical exception case, which does not... switch is workspace. This is how we set it up now. Okay. And it makes no sense. So it's better to have to separate.com. Yes. Because there's always someone in charge of it and is usually related to an organization where they have everywhere the same price. Okay. Or, if they work independently, they may, many in our industry, they belong to a franchise. So they all hug about, for example, all hug about chain, but they are individual entrepreneurs. They can send, they make use of the of the combined procurement and sourcing from Hagabao chain, but they can decide on their prices individually. They would have diff separate logins. That really care. So this question was actually because I, as a CEO, for example, even though, um, the owner of this particular enterprise, I just want to come and check the statistic this, even though there are some, that means that I'd ask them to manage the plant. For me, I'm just there just to see a city of how maybe things are going, my shares, everything. An hour, an hour, and I see where you're coming from. We can certainly analyze all the different prices of one buckled product that belongs to a brand that we have listed. So I go, for example, now, they said, cold, lignite. It's for heating. It's a huge produce, they produce 500,000 tons. They don't want to have any direct sales. They have the distribution network of trailers. They set a full trackload, the trailers, the trailers would be the one listed. But we have a landing page, or we will have an ending page for this brand. They call, OK. This is the brand name. If I want to give them some insight, stated them some inside, who says what, to which price, we can do this in the back end? That's the power we've got in Palico. I would not publish this to the whole world and give this for charity. No, But we can combine and I think we would have a, we have, a huge data platform that enables us to do all sorts of analysis. That's how I was mentioned, our Padigo AI. Do we want to give this to one single login? You can buy it. There's a PDF. Okay. Let me see what you see. Okay, um, composi. So the next is on product management. So how is supplies for any money that? They, um, they list like in every marketplace, um, They come inside and list their products manually. This would be for the small ones. The ones with up until 50 products. This is manually doable. We will have, therefore, very good and precise questions. We will have partners with 500 or 1000 products. For example, when it comes to construction, everything from concrete, there's 100 different pieces that you need that are very heavy. All is separate bar code. Or, for example, here, for the floor, this, you know, the right name in English or French now. Yeah, 5 million devotions of this type of product here. Thanks. Yeah. Um For them, we need to offer them an API to their ERP system where they can import and export their product catalog. Oh, I see, I see. I think the idea is more clear. Like, I was, you see how you, when you just ask, how the money is your, you know, category. So there's no one's this wood shop or. He has no ERP system. He has no eggs, he's nothing. So what he does, he selects from the product catalogue, maybe he inserts 2 or 3 manual products, a huge palette factory with 500,000 tons of production capacity. How many products do they have? It makes no sense to have an API connector with this. If you go to construction, um, trade-out, uh, tires and all the other uh, wood bricks, uh, or the the, um, or all sort of material they have. No chance to put this. So either we have CSV or with 30 solution, doesn't really work well. Do you have, there are also open service providers externally that offer their service. It's called a product information import. tool or whatever, where you can import excess sheets and they sorted the columns. We can have format the designated import axle where they can put their bar codes in, at the end of the day, 100 different fields difficult. Certainly, some are possible, but if you're talking about one group of products, fairly straightforward. If we have 20, 30 different product groups, one goes with diameter, the other goes with little, kilos, all the stuff, this excel list and import sheet is enormous and very fragile. So therefore, as they are all using these bigger organizations and SAP or other EOP systems, we need an padigo API, with an API description for matching the product catalog.

It's in reality. Now we're at the stage where we can do this all much better, the proof of concept is a very essential milestone. That is why I said, okay, from my understanding, where I want to get the merchant module, and look a 1000000 times better. But it works. So, Kaufan, I wanted to show. To book some VPN. We use your password manager. I have the VPN, which connects straight to all server, and then I can draw the take the passwords through the VPN fund. So all this infrastructure, these builders are main because we often need to set this all up in to the end of June that you must be fully operational with everything. This is how we treat it, BPN, password manage records. So, look, this is how the marketplace back end of coughland looks like, and I want to get on simply this level. Here you have a menu, dashboard, then notifications messages, you have your order management, with orders and claims or returns, that you have tickets, where you have the claims, you have angerboard management with with the product listing, where you can say which product you want to list it. Here you can have imports, everything with these guys now, import the data. Pricing rules, accounting, reporting, analysis, and services. Pretty much we can copy this one to one. But apply it, of course, to ours because power plant is different, they have the full range of products. There's a supermarket chain, very successful. That deals with food, basically, but alongside food, they say that everything. which has not complied all to the needs of regional pricing and all this stuff. For regional pricing, give you another back end from my spirit from strategy, they can look at how they dated the configuration. It's not nicely done there at works. This is nicely done. So, um, and then I also it's clean. Does the merchant, he says, the sales, this life data from today? Would we sold there? This is the tickets for customer claim, so we need to react on 4% of all those to certain things. There is what we've resolved, reaction time, how long it did it take. You must be, oh, you must respond in less than 24 hours, 100% of tickets have been answered with less than 20 hours. This is the rate of shipments that are traceable and can be tracked. Apparently, there is here a mistake now with the API connector because this rate should be almost on zero, but I'm sure our guys are on it. Those are simple service level things. And they brought it down to the to the central. You can filter down and get much more information here. Here you put the orders. Do you see every single, although what has been ordered, there is the EN with the bar code, the next word? Tinsky, no. So, price... Push that out and so all of it, delivery, deadline, and status, so it needs to be still fulfilled. All those should be green, followed down the line. For them that we, so this is all the ones that still need to be sent. Those are all sent already. Those are canceled. Now we have here marketplace for Germany and Austria, we will enter now Poland Czech Republic. Then we have here the tickets, that we should be the customer claims. There's only one that needs to be answered. This is all closed. So all the tickets from the past. So if you look into this, we have a full description, with screenshots for this ticket, we need to get on this level, do what we do. This is the best practice I have. Of course, I can show you the pageant of Amazon. It's ugly. Maybe this on purpose. They have enough money, but... but it's actually... is organized, nice, and cleaner. Also like this menu bar you on the side. Yeah, you have to counting, which is great. You can... get all the incoming payments, you can check what all needs to be paid out. Check on which account you want to draw the money and everything you can organize from here. And then comes the reports. At least you can download, rather, you know, how the product that are listed, all the ideas of the statistical reports and announcements that you need for, text authorities, and all this shit. Again, we can copy, by instance. So, is that also initially, we don't need to reinvent the wheel if we take the best practice out of different environments and put this together because a unique setting point we have, you've seen the network of all the concepts I've got in my team have with 12 years of history in our industry. We know everyone. So if we provide them with the proper platform, one call, and they're online. This is the advantage we have. For this Paris ticket, um, to upgrade remarkably the, the merchant pick end. In the 1st place, though, when it comes to directors, it was a straightforward and fair question. The way directors is now organized, is not working, in my view. We need to get to this level to have a clean product catalog, because right now, every look in can set up multiple warehouses, and for every warehouse, you need to manually set up your new products, even though in every warehouse, you have the same product, you need to register it from scratch. In the early stage now, as we're starting, it's not a mage of burden. But in future, we keep this clean and simple. We have 15 warehouses now in Germany with real energy. We are listed only once in Kaufran or Amazon. Amazon and Kaufland does not care how many warehouses we have. We can list the product, dance, from where do we dispatch it? Our problem. They don't make it a problem, don't they? And we then, of course, can influence from where it would be ship based on this regional pricing list that is attached. So now we are 90%? Yes, upgrade. 85? 85, yes. So, um... So, can so play as competitors pricing? on the platform. And should another best friend. Hi, you too. Because I get some... Um... Not an absolute number, states. They can see or should see what I really like to do, is they see the level of competitiveness. And they show you a good example where I want to get. They see a map of Germany, for example, or they are locked into... into any country. And they click on the product group, or they can specify the product any further, and the map shows in green, yellow, and red colors, and it shows a percentage of market share. So it shows with green, they are number one in the list. Yellow, okay, they are number 2 or three, number red. Okay, forget. Okay, okay. So very simple, but very nice. And then this is very addictive and I like this gamification features. When you change the price for one euro, The colors of the map change, the screen gets bigger. Then you're driggled. So let's happen if I go 3 euros down. getting even greener. So they really reinforce the competitiveness. Yeah, yeah, yeah. of the platforms, so that they are triggered to go with their prices down. At 12 years, I lost all my hair explaining to them that they're useless and not competitive. It's now the customers who will tell them this. I don't do this any longer. The customer will tell them which price is competitive, which isn't. And if they can compare, and I consider this a very, very essential feature, to make this whole business model work and to trigger competitiveness and to decrease prices in the way that we provide them with the transparency. Because right now, it is hardly possible at all to compare prices because you can never, like you ask me yesterday, You can never simply compare a price. You need to compare it, including the shipment. And if you want to do this, you look into a backbox. There's a cost from the customer perspective, you never know if the price is good or not good, because you cannot even find a comparison including delivery to your specific home. If in ritual, you reflect this on the merchant module for years and years. And that's why I will show it is the hardest feature would look like, and which impact to the markets is with it. It is a game changing impact to the market. Why... Until there was Palico. The pricing mechanism was bottom up, they were calculating the production material, electricity costs, labor costs, packaging costs, so they were coming up with a constructure, put a margin on top, and say, this is my sales price. This is the money I need. Now we go there since three, 4 years, and said, I don't give a shit how much you need. I can only tell you what the customer is willing to pay. And if you have too expensive labor, too high electricity costs, too high too expensive raw material, it's... The customer tells you, and the competitors will tell you, what is a good price and what isn't. Exactly how it is if you go here to the market. I like this view in Cameroon. There's housing goods, the boom. There's no bull shedding, they always give you... I like this. We get into the situation automatically when they say, okay, what is the price? Because most willing to pay, and then they can think, oh, how can I, how can I squeeze my costs? So there is no negotiation any longer. For years and years for pellets, for example, they were throwing a price in the room and see looking the reaction of the customer. Okay. Now, I give them the price, and this price is not negotiable, and I look their reaction. And this is what we do in addition to the world, with this merchant back end, they can see which prizes are competitive and which price is not competitive, and then they can make their conclusion. the decision. They can decide, do I put a competitive price now, and I sell, or I stay in bed tomorrow? Well, it's simple as this. Because 95% of products are sold on the cheapest price, this is e-commerce, no, wherever tells you any different, not true surprise. especially when you talk about qualities. So let me check. I assure you how only is the best practice example, how this is nicely done in highest periods 24. It's a very poor platform, by the way, but to give you an idea of the potential we're talking about. In Germany, we sell around... 4 million tons of pellets per year. Hyatt Pellets, 24, with this little touchy front end, and the back end is very low, low performing, slow, does not much good. They have, they say, more than 500,000 tons of this 4 million through this price comparison that one. And I want to kill them. Because there's no customer service, there's no religious these connections, there's no payment integration, there's zero. Only, the price comparison is enough to have play a dominant role in the market, one important feature of the show, if my experience films, transition, individual space before we go to the back end. This is what I tried to explain it beforehand. This is purely generated from the data they've received from all their suppliers. When I go to a manufacturer in Germany and negotiate the price, this is a price from a private company, has put its fiance fancy. My price, that I pay for the pellets from the manufacturer, is attached to the pricing index of its first fields. That's what it's 24. I tell them, you know what? We go with the index. I don't tell you what a good price is. You don't tell me what the good price is. The customer will tell us what the good price is, because this job shows what the customers are currently paying. From this price, I deduct €90 because this is what I need to form my operation in logistics, and this is the price. So we are out of this argumentation, from the producer's perspective, who always wants more money, and I am as a trader, who always wants less, less, less. no design. This is the ultimate truth. So, and this chart... has a huge, huge commercial impact on the market because from all the data we generate, this is only for pellets. We can do this for every brother group. We can have a child for firewood, we can have a child for tickets, we can have a child for tiles, with everything. We can have the job, but I said, okay, the generic product will be average price for firewood is this. If you want, if you do the filter on hardwood and you want to only filter the disk, the price is this. If you want hard with 33 centimeters, dry. This is the average price. So for all the filters you set, we can analyze the data, and also publish the data to drive to, we are very considered reliable source for all media, for the customer. What they do is, if before they check, if they pay the price or they don't, they check on out, they check our child. Because something like this in the whole industry, for millions of tons, this transparency does not exist until now. So, now I show you the back end, and I will elaborate on this later, because the commercial, the commercial potential of this big data analysis, I would call it, because we would consume enormous amount of data. Analyze this data efficiently, the commercial potential of this market transparency, we can sell a monthly report for 199, but in Abu, whatever you can do this, we can commercialize this in a 1000 different business models. As soon as we collect the data, the potential that is generated out of it is almost. Howard, they are trickled now with their price comparison and transparency, I will show you now. Just need to put it to my EPN once more. I. It's warm.

Reach the right, no other modern business. I would just, if any person has anyone a questions to ask. What I also find nice is if you compare the size, spirits, and surrounding, and this Amazon. I do not know how you buy, but I am a typical man. I want to just buy wood Don't please make rocket signs out of this and show me 500 different products. I want to buy wood, I want to show what's important to me and put this in filters, and then you show me an offer like this. If you go on Amazon or any of these stores, like Alibaba, you have a 1000000 different products. And before I even get the envy to or want to buy something, I'm already sick and tired because there's a 1000000 choices for nothing. We're talking about a commodity, a very simple thing. I give you my priorities. You give me a choice of 10 different ones, so that I can make sure that I get either the cheapest or the ones with the best customer ratings, and I'm happy. But don't trash me with a million different opals for one and the same thing. Well, I think it depends on the type of problem, because... Exactly. Does this view an exciting point we have? With other things, if you buy electronics, of course. But in one country, you have always won the same price and then you have the some technical features that are very important to you and you can compare and you want to study and all this stuff. And this is how all these marketplaces and webshops are created and designed. We have entirely different priorities here, so we can do, if we design it with the same approach, it wouldn't work at the front end. I would imagine on the level of booking.com, I want a hotel, I want to sleep. Maybe I desire today, I want to go to Jacuzzi. I click jacuzzi. Maybe I want to go to a bar, so and I want to park my car, I said 2 things, and they compare all the one all the available choices that are left. in the same museum. And it has this list few that I can scroll. And if you compare this with Amazon and all the others, we would never have millions and 1000000000s of products. We have based on a choice of selections and filter criteria. a clear, clean overview that I can sort and filter by my priorities. So what changes here? That's where if you look from the front end perspective, because if you look at front end guys, this is exactly what happens when you look at booking.com. And I went to hotel in Noala. At the beginning, I have not said any filter criteria, and maybe I find 5,000 different voters in accommodation. And then... So... What I find here, when I click on hotel, for me, this is the logic applies to project logic of a product group. Because the filter criteria for hotels are different ones than the one, if I want to book a flight. So, I'm in the world of... I'm in the world of voices. I mean Guana. By the way, it looks very similar. Like this. Uh huh. Yeah. With this here, here they use the postcode and the number of tenants, and the type of packaging. What do they ask for booking? They ask where? So for us, it's the product. When it needs to be delivered, with booking, this is the time where they want to where I want to stay. And instead of the number of pellets, they wanted a number of people. But it's 3 types of information. They put this in, so we need to understand what is the most important information for our customer. So for us, it must be for sure, the destination, delivery address. The approximate amount of how many square meters or whatever they want from a particular product or plants or plants. And can she delivery time? So now we have here 336. 34. Different accommodation found in Duala. For us, it would be, I mean, a section of pellets, in my whole area, I have 100 different offers. And I say, no, okay, I want a pool. 46 left. And this is the way same way our front end would operate, and as a marketplace, and then I make my choice. Can't be the cheapest, can't be the ones with the best customer references, can be the one with the lowest CO2 emissions. Marketplace. All right. So, it means as well, like... If you have good best practices in the front-end user experience and you really get to understand and get your head round the business model from the merchant side, from the customer side, et cetera. It's 2 main pillows we are talking about, initially, that we need to, that we need to create in a state of the oddment of our industry. Um, Then also, come up with, with, with feedback and best practice, the way I've shown it to you with cowplant and head spells and so forth. Most importantly, you understand what the business money is all about. And then why explain it to your ask, develop this, um, I think yesterday in the afternoon, today in the morning, gave you valuable insight, as soon as you read, this udo, the key, and we look into technical details, which apparently 1000s of questions would pop up. that you can, in forcibly know, but this would be all unsolponsible in there. What is the plan in regards to lunch break for you? It's the 1st time you meet here, so, right? No, you've been both here. Yes. You're the 1st time, yeah. Yeah. I miss the, you see how, how he thinks half past one. I have one more appointment. Um, otherwise... I would try to check if we can get you some access to our wooden biking. I check if Danilo has sent me already his AI concept and then in my view, you've got the most important things you need now.. There's no money. Uh huh. I can... You have both already teams? Yes. This would be also when it's important question that we need to answer until next week. I think we can must check this together with this question, which technical environment and infrastructure. We will use as a common standout. based on the most experienced and technical leads, or to hear the above of the team in Duala, I would then, um, suggest that you exchange together with Christian and by next week. One representative who takes the technical lead from here. so that we know if we use curls or AI, if we use clothes, whatever, Microsoft Teams, et cetera, et cetera. so that we can set this all up. for you and we have the same environment, all of us. So for now, by pragmatic, we sent this by email back and forth. So... I can't get you 18? Is it half past one? Because our 1st one was already there. No, the person is on 2 point. Okay? Good. Could you like to do your teams? Yes, I have teams. I have to send you this, they can share this and pass this on, this is with the AI. Engineering vision? These decide to... takes responsibility for this assessment, and now I'm... So, you receive, uh, padico auto log in with full access to the speaking. You can use all the same location. Okay. To study the documentation. So, yeah, I, Vishna, I sent you, did you receive? I, I, I, say, you can share. Okay. Then I will check over, you see how it looks like, with lunch, and then we, the project mention is supposed to come. Okay. Good, as soon as I have the axis pretentious for this week, I pass this one to you. Okay. Then... you've got all you need. Okay. Okay, okay, yeah. So, this is before the place for you, straight? What is pretty missing? Shit. Okay. Just How do you communicate now amongst Joseph? Do you have... do you use email, or do you have a team's group, or do you manage amongst each other at the moment now? Amongst each other, we can communicate through emails, but as of right now,
